---
title: "Lights, Camera, Chaos: Society's love with Stars"
date: 2022-08-14T15:06:41+06:00
image: "images/lights,chaos.jpg"
featured: false
categories: ["Short Story"]
draft: false
---


In the bustling city of Hyderabad, nestled in the heart of Andhra Pradesh, lived a young man named Kunal. He was a simple, earnest soul whose life revolved around his unwavering adoration for Krishna, a Superactionstar in Indian cinema. From an early age, Kunal found solace and inspiration in Krishna's movies. He revered and worshipped the actor as if he were a deity, his room adorned with posters and memorabilia of his idol.
Kunal's devotion went far beyond the realm of passive fandom. He watched every movie Krishna starred in, whether it received critical acclaim or faced commercial setbacks. Kunal believed that his role as a fan extended beyond mere entertainment. Inspired by Krishna's philanthropic efforts, he took it upon himself to encourage people to stop watching pirated films, emphasizing the importance of supporting the industry. Kunal also actively participated in blood donation drives, dedicating each pint he gave to his beloved star.

Krishna, known for his down-to-earth nature, was well aware of Kunal's unwavering support. During a fan interaction event, Krishna met Kunal and publicly applauded his devotion, declaring him his number-one fan. This recognition brought Kunal joy, reaffirming his faith in the actor he idolized.
News spread like wildfire throughout the state when it was announced that Krishna would star in a great Indian mythological film. The anticipation was palpable, for the actor had recently faced a series of disappointments with three consecutive box office failures. The industry and fans alike eagerly awaited Krishna's comeback, hoping this larger-than-life project would reignite his stardom.

The film's first teaser dropped, and Kunal and millions of other fans eagerly clicked on the video, hungry to glimpse what was to come. However, the teaser failed to meet their sky-high expectations. Comments flooded YouTube, criticizing the quality of the visual effects and expressing disappointment over the film's perceived deviation from the sacred source material. Although disheartened by the response, Kunal believed in Krishna's vision and remained hopeful for the final product.
The filmmakers, attentive to the fans' feedback, took a bold step and postponed the release. They acknowledged the flaws in the teaser and vowed to work tirelessly to deliver a product worthy of the audience's adoration. This decision gave rise to mixed emotions among the fans, with some expressing gratitude for the filmmakers' dedication. In contrast, others grew sceptical, fearing the delay could further jeopardize the film's prospects.

Weeks passed, and the revised trailer of the mythological epic finally graced the silver screen and digital platforms. As expected, the opinions were divided. Some viewers were impressed by the improvements and felt that the film had the potential to captivate audiences. Others, however, remained sceptical, claiming that the changes were superficial enhancements to a fundamentally flawed project. Kunal closely followed the online discourse, defending the film passionately, engaging in debates with naysayers, and rallying Krishna's fans to support the movie wholeheartedly.

As the release date approached, Kunal mobilized his fellow fans as Krishna's Fans Association president in Hyderabad. Together, they organized promotional events, plastered the city with posters, and spread the word about the film through social media. Kunal's enthusiasm was infectious, and the fan association worked tirelessly, dedicating their time, energy, and resources to ensure the success of their beloved star's endeavour.

The much-anticipated release day arrived, and Kunal, having taken a day off from his job, joined his fellow fans for the film's first show. The theatre was buzzing with excitement as fans eagerly awaited the moment they had been anticipating for months. Kunal could feel his heart pounding in his chest, a mixture of anticipation and anxiety coursing through his veins.Kunal's mind swirled with emotions as the credits rolled and the lights came back on. He was ecstatic, thoroughly enjoying the film and feeling that Krishna had once again delivered a stellar performance. Amidst the theatre chatter, Kunal overheard various opinions, some echoing his sentiments while others expressed disappointment and disdain.

As the president of Krishna's fans association, it was his responsibility to ensure the positive promotion of the film. However, amidst the various viewpoints, he came across a YouTube reviewer named Ram, who openly criticized the movie and its lead actor.The words uttered by Ram ignited a spark of anger within Kunal. How dare he defame Krishna and belittle his performance? Fueled by his devotion to the star, Kunal approached Ram, his frustration mounting with each step. He confronted him, demanding that Ram retract his negative statements and cease spreading pessimism about the film. But Ram, unyielding in his convictions, refused to back down, asserting his right to express his opinions.

As tensions soared, Kunal's initial anger snowballed into a frightening mob mentality. Joined by fellow fans, they formed an intimidating group, their collective voices merging into a chorus of jeers aimed at Ram. Emotions ran rampant, fueling the already volatile atmosphere. The situation quickly escalated into a violent altercation between Kunal and Ram, their fists clashing amidst the chaos.In the grip of uncontrolled fury, Kunal unleashed a relentless barrage of blows upon Ram. Each strike carried the weight of his pent-up anger, amplified by the fervour of the surrounding crowd. His words, once filled with adoration for Krishna, morphed into venomous accusations hurled at Ram. Blinded by rage, Kunal held Ram responsible for the consequences that had befallen him, venting his frustration through the force of his fists.

The scene played out like a nightmare, the violence intensifying as the mob's collective aggression propelled Kunal forward. Blow after blow rained down on Ram, each manifestation of the anger and resentment that had consumed Kunal's soul. The air thickened with tension and the stench of brutality as their clash became a tragic embodiment of unchecked emotions and their destructive power.Amid the chaotic frenzy, Ram's body buckled under the force of Kunal's onslaught. His defenceless form careened backwards, colliding with the unforgiving steps below. The sickening thud reverberated through the theatre, followed by an eerie silence that punctuated the gravity of the situation. Ram lay motionless, his life slipping away, as the ramifications of the violence unfolded before the onlookers, who noticed Ram's grave condition but, caught up in a frenzy, turned a blind eye and fled. Eventually, a compassionate bystander came across the injured man and rushed him to the hospital, where he slipped into a coma.

News of the violent altercation spread like wildfire, dominating headlines. Amid this turmoil, Krishna, the revered actor, took a stand against the fan's actions, firmly denouncing the violence and dissociating himself from such behaviour. He emphasized that acts of violence had no place within fandom, expressing his deepest sympathies to Ram and his family. Furthermore, Krishna highlighted the importance of the responsible use of free speech in a democratic country, cautioning against its misuse.

Krishna's statement on the matter sparked intense discussions on the boundaries of free speech within a democratic society. The topic drew politicians' attention, leading to parliament debates with people on both sides. Recognizing the need to address concerns regarding the misuse of free speech, the government subsequently passed a law to hold individuals accountable for any such misuse. Kunal found himself arrested and imprisoned, facing the total weight of the consequences of his actions and jail time of 2 years for involuntary manslaughter. Meanwhile, despite the controversy surrounding the film, it achieved unexpected success. The press generated by the unfortunate incident inadvertently served as publicity, piquing the curiosity of the masses. Audiences flocked to theatres to witness the mythological extravaganza firsthand, contributing to its financial triumph. Life moved on, seemingly returning to normalcy as the world revolved.
